std_algos: part 5/10 (#390)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/algorithms/std-algorithms/all/StdFill_n.rst

Parameters and Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``exespace``, ``teamHandle``, ``first``, ``view``, ``value``: same as in [``fill``](./StdFill): execution space instance

- ``label``: used to name the implementation kernels for debugging purposes

  - for 1, the default string is: "Kokkos::fill_n_iterator_api_default"

  - for 3, the default string is: "Kokkos::fill_n_view_api_default"

  - NOTE: overloads accepting a team handle do not use a label internally

- ``n``: number of elements to modify (must be non-negative)

- ``value``: value to assign to each element

Return Value
~~~~~~~~~~~~

If ``n > 0``, returns an iterator to the element *after* the last element assigned.

Otherwise, it returns ``first`` (for 1,2,5) or ``Kokkos::begin(view)`` (for 3,4,6).

Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: cpp

   namespace KE = Kokkos::Experimental;
   Kokkos::View<double*> a("a", 13);
   // do something with a
   // ...

   const double newValue{4};
   KE::fill_n(Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace(), KE::begin(a), 10, newValue);

   // passing the view directly
   KE::fill_n(Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace(), a, 10, newValue);

   // explicitly set execution space (assuming active)

>    KE::fill_n(Kokkos::OpenMP(), KE::begin(a), 10, newValue);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 // To run explicitly on the host (assuming a and b are accessible on Host)   
 KE::fill_n(Kokkos::DefaultHostExecutionSpace(), KE::begin(a), 10, newValue);
```
